A woman tries to thread a needle but misses.
Trying to hit a small target requires lots of effort
Many websites and applications try to thread the needle
The woman fails to tap small links on a website
But on the web
we can make areas for clicking and tapping easier to use
The links become larger in size and the woman now easily taps them
Which is handy on mobile devices
especially when we might be moving around at the time
The woman's using a tablet while preparing a coffee
which is critical for people with reduced dexterity
Another woman with a hand tremor is unable to navigate precisely with the mouse
and fails to click small buttons on a website
The buttons become larger
and the woman with the tremor is now able to click them
Web accessibility
Essential for some, useful for all.